Update immediate-data proposal (#5399)
gpuweb/gpuweb: proposals/immediate-data.md

```
`immediateSize`: Size of immediate data range used in pipeline, type is bytes.

NOTE: `immediateSize` = sizeof(variables) + sizeof(paddings). Follow [ Alignment rules ](https://www.w3.org/TR/WGSL/#alignment-and-size) in wgsl spec.

NOTE: two pipeline layouts are defined to be “compatible for immediate data” if they were created with identical immediate data byte size. It means immediate data values can share between pipeline layouts that are compatible for immediate data.

NOTE: Immediate data range follow [out-of-bounds access](https://www.w3.org/TR/WGSL/#out-of-bounds-access) rules in wgsl spec.

## GPUCommandEncoder

One new function in `GPUBindingCommandsMixin`.

```javascript
interface mixin GPUBindingCommandsMixin {
        void setImmediateData(uint32_t rangeOffset, AllowSharedBufferSource data, optional dataOffset, optional size);
}
```

NOTE: `rangeOffset`: Offset in bytes into immediate data range to begin writing at. Requires multiple of 4 bytes.

NOTE: `dataOffset`: Offset into data to begin writing from. Given in elements if data is a TypedArray and bytes otherwise.

> NOTE: The immediate data is stored in an internal slot `[[immediate data]]` in `GPUBindingCommandsMixin`, which is shared across `GPUComputePassEncoder`, `GPURenderPassEncoder`, and `GPURenderBundleEncoder`. See issue [#5117](https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/5117).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rangeOffset`: Offset in bytes into immediate data range to begin writing at. Requires multiple of 4 bytes.
- `dataOffset` and `size` work like in [writeBuffer](https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#dom-gpuqueue-writebuffer): "Given in elements if data is a TypedArray and bytes otherwise."
- The immediate data is stored in an internal slot `[[immediate data]]` in `GPUBindingCommandsMixin`, which is shared across `GPUComputePassEncoder`, `GPURenderPassEncoder`, and `GPURenderBundleEncoder`. See issue [#5117](https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/5117).
```
